{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Folder contains code for transfer learning models for all possible combinations of source and target dataset amongst pavia, Indian pines and salinas hyper spectral datasets. Same dataset is also used as both source and target. Thus there are 9 combinations of source and target datasets.\
\
Code for each combination of source and target outputs a table shown below as the final results \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Test Accuracy   Target_50   Target_75    Target_85   Target_95\
Source_50.         Accuracy.   \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Accuracy.    Accuracy.   Accuracy\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Source_75          \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Accuracy.   Accuracy.    Accuracy.   Accuracy\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Source_85          \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Accuracy.   Accuracy.    Accuracy.   Accuracy\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Source_95          \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Accuracy.   Accuracy.    Accuracy.   Accuracy\
\
\
50,75,85,95 are the different overlapping ratios used.\
\
The folder also contains a Transfer_Model_Utils python file which has all the helper functions to extract samples, create cubes, assign labels for each cube, prepare data for training and the transfer function which does the transfer learning between source and target dataset and outputs the test accuracies for all combinations of overlapping ratios.}